all right what is up guys it's Josh here
and today I'm going to be showing you
how to make this creeper face right here
you can make it like this which is a
little bit harder or like this which is
a lot easier of course ignore that so
you want to start off by making this and
how to do that is you're going to place
one block of black wool and then go over
to and then another block and then
you're just gonna fill in two lines of
four and then so you have one here one
here and then two lines of four and then
1-2 centered and then diagonally from
that you're gonna make a two by two
thing of black wool on each side and
that is the basis of the creeper face as
you can see here and then you're going
to want to go to out on each side so two
out from the eyes and the mouth and
stuff so this is just gonna be an
outline for it
okay I got that no actually that's yeah
that's bad for long wait oh no that was
right
sorry guys anyway
starting at the top you want to first
off you want to take your lime wall
Blackwell green wall light gray wool and
regular just light wool and you want to
make sure you have those and starting
from the top you're gonna place a piece
of dark wool here here and here then a
piece of grey wool light will light wool
dark hole I believe right here
we're actually light will here here and
here and then gray wool then white wool
dark wool light wool light will light
will light wool dark bolt here and here
light wool and oh actually right here
you want to put grey wool and then right
here is white roll and then moving on to
in between the eyes you want to put dark
wool right there
gray wool right there and then light
wool and then on the right side moving
down you want to put white wool light
green light green light green and then
here right under the eye
you're gonna put white wool and dark
green light green and gray and another
piece of grey under there and then white
light green light green dark green white
light green light green
dark green okay like so and then you
should be at the bottom of the mouth
right now so just come over to the left
side here where we end it off and you're
going to put light light green then gray
and then two light greens another light
green right here here
dark green right here and light green
right here actually you know I think ya
put dark wool right here and here
gray wool right there and dark green
again right there then dark wolf here
and here and white right there and then
we're going down and we're gonna put
light green all along here and now you
should be at the very bottom so the ones
in between the lower part of the mouth
are you're gonna put one light wool and
one white and then these last two strips
starting from the white the the right
side you're gonna put a dark wall a grey
wool white light green dark green green
green green then an l-shaped dark green
dark green dark green and light green
there and the light green dark green
then white gray dark green light green
white and light green so that is going
to give you your creeper face and if you
want to make it just easier go ahead and
do the little face and then just make it
light green wall but I think this looks
more realistic and for
generally there are not enough shades of
green to perfect this make it like the
perfect creeper face so this is about as
close as you're gonna get so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to drop a like a comment and a
subscription on my channel there's lots
of more minecraft content on there if
you want to see it lots of redstone
things so I will see you next time
peace out